This is a project that is currently a work in progress.It works right now for 22 tournaments. In order for the program to work the user must run the startdata.py file to create the database tables. Comment out the drop table if the database file is empty. Then run the scraper.py file to populate the tables. This scrapes the website for the tournaments provided and populates the tables with the data from all of those games. Then you can run the flask application in a virtual environment. To install flask go here: https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/3.0.x/installation/. You can start the application with flask --app flaskr run --debug. I will update the html to make it more pleasant, but for now it works as it will randomly select one game and paste the bans and pick images on the page. I might also add team logos instead of text for the team names. The tournament is entered first through a select field. The select fields were created using chosen jquery plugin. Then if the user gets the tournament correct they are redirected to a select field for the game played. They must make sure the first team mentioned is the blue team in this game. If the user inputs/selects 5 wrong values it redirects to a page that prints the correct answser and that the user got it wrong. If they get it all right it instead redirects to a page that prints all the correct info and a congratulatory message. Deployed version of the site is found here: https://bdoonan.pythonanywhere.com/

**Update: 8/15/2024**
I created a new feature where the user input for year, tournament, and time of year would be printed to the page after every user guess either marked green for correct, or red if incorrect. Then if the user guessed the tournament correctly it would then print to the page
the user's team inputs, either marked green for correct, yellow if correct team but on wrong side, or red if incorrect team.

**Update: 9/02/2024**
I added an attempt history graph using Chart.js. This would display a bar graph at the end screen for the user to view their attempt history by using new attempt variables in local storage. I also had to update the scraper file as some html was changed on leaguepedia which is where I get the match information. I also added a new SQL table called checkid which is used in case the random id is the same two days in a row. This would cause all users to be locked out another day because the id changing is what resets the game every day. In the future I could use this to ensure a different match is called every single time, but for now I feel repeats eventually are ok.
**Update: 9/09/2024**
Added higher lower classes for guessed years so users can more easily guess the tournament. Also added more tournaments to the scraper file and the database.
